[4830][4710][ADD] stock_picking_actual_date (#44)
qrtl/thc-oca: stock_picking_actual_date/readme/ROADMAP.rst

> Changing the actual date of a completed picking will propagate to the date of the related journal entry for the stock moves, and the sequence will change if the new date and the current sequence are mismatched. However, if the currency of the journal entry differs from the company currency, the debit and credit amounts will not be recalculated based on the exchange rate of the new date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating the Actual Date of a completed receipt picking for a foreign currency purchase does not trigger a recalculation of the amounts in the associated journal entries, even if the currency rate for the new date differs.
```

Changing the actual date of the done picking will propagate to the date of the related journal entry for the moves, 
and the sequence will change. However, the calculation of debit and credit will not adjust based on the currency rate of the new date and 

> will remain at the initial values, even if the currency of the journal entry differs from the company currency.

Reviewer: The point is not very clear.
